Lisa, the red mark here is not because she can't afford to lose
Are you having a heart attack?
Ahhh
Brother Feng, what's wrong with you?
I seem
Lost the original intention
ah
Isn't it true that money can bring you everything?
Mr. Lin, please don't scare me.
That's right, Mr. Lin
In this world
Money is not everything
Money can't solve everything
What
Money is not everything
Mr. Lin, I know that you are a first-generation rich
All the way here
You must have experienced a lot of difficulties that ordinary people have never experienced.
But you look arrogant now
We are really uncomfortable
This is all a mistake.
Is this
It's a dream
We just received a report
They said you guys were having a promiscuous gathering here.
Is this true?
You guys come with me.
Ahhh go
I don't have Feng Ge, Feng Ge
Iron Bone is fake
revenge
It's an illusion
The host has become enlightened
The dog gold system is closed
Licking dog gold cleared
Host Lin Feng
Life is officially back on track